Ulysses
=======
This repo contains a reliable digital text of James Joyce's novel Ulysses. Built off the plaintext transcription of the 1922 first printing of Ulysses by *Matthew Kochis* and *Patrick Belk* with the *Modernist Versions Project* (http://web.uvic.ca/~mvp1922/), Amanda Visconti has added transcription-error corrections, regex formatting replacements, and HTML/CSS for important typographical choices used in the 1922 first printing of the novel (as verified against the Modernist Versions Project's digital images of the printing). This is the text used in the [InfiniteUlysses.com](http://www.InfiniteUlysses.com) digital edition of Ulysses.

These HTML files are suitable for use on websites; for example, you can drop any of these files into a Drupal page and have it look like the print page in the 1922 Ulysses, or add HTML head and body tags and use the file as a plain HTML page. I've been using a spreadsheet to bulk import pages to Drupal, and will share that here as well in the future.

This repo is licensed [CC BY SA](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/) in accordance with the CC BY SA license placed on the Modernist Versions Project text. Note the following use requirement from the Modernist Versions Project:
"This material has been reproduced and made available on this site based on its public domain status in Canada. By viewing these materials, you acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with the laws of your jurisdiction, particularly copyright (where applicable). The Modernist Versions Project accepts no liability or responsibility for the manner in which the material is used by others or the results of such use. As this digital object contains certain embedded technical functionality, individuals interested in reproducing this digital object in a publication or web site or for any commercial purpose must first receive permission from the Modernist Versions Project."
